{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2757
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red251\green0\blue7;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\cname textColor;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c0\c0;
}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 From: "Silva, Flaviane" <Flaviane.Silva@fccc.edu>\
Subject: Cal27_CCL_Run 1 data\
Date: October 4, 2023 at 11:03:16 EDT\
To: "Serebriiskii, Ilya" <Ilya.Serebriiskii@fccc.edu>\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Hi Ilya,\
\'a0\
I am sending you the data associated with our first run for Cal27. I am sending the files where I annotated the data and calculated the Z score for both CTB and nuclei area readouts, and the raw files as wells. See the label of plates below.\
\'a0\
Plate 1 \'96 DMSO + Library at 0.2uM\
Plate 2 \'96 DMSO + Library at 2uM\
Plate 3 \'96 CBD + Library at 0.2uM\
Plate 4 \'96 CBD + Library at 2uM\
Plates 5 to 9 \'96 unperturbed \
\'a0\
Plates 5-8 were supposed to be used for the first run of the kinome library, but we could not do it. Plate 9 was supposed to be the only unperturbed plate. I added CTB to all the plates, but nuclei count was done only for plates 1 to 5 and plate 9, where both plates 5 and 9 are unperturbed.\
\'a0\
Please let me know if you have any questions.\
\'a0\
Thank you,\
Flavi\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa140\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs26 \cf4 \strokec4 \
This electronic message is intended to be for the use of the named recipient, and may contain information that is confidential or privileged. This communication may contain protected health information (PHI) that is legally protected from inappropriate disclosure by the Privacy Standards of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) and relevant Pennsylvania Laws. You can direct questions concerning PHI or HIPAA to the Corporate Compliance and Privacy Officer at (215) 707-5605. If you are not the intended recipient, please note that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message in error, you should notify the sender immediately by telephone or by return e-mail and delete and destroy all copies of this message.\
}