{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red251\green0\blue7;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\cname textColor;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c0\c0;
}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 From: "Silva, Flaviane" <Flaviane.Silva@fccc.edu>\
Subject: CBD screening Fadu_CTB readout 3rd run\
Date: December 14, 2022 at 14:48:40 EST\
To: "Serebriiskii, Ilya" <Ilya.Serebriiskii@fccc.edu>\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Hi Ilya,\
\'a0\
The data is attached. The column format that says \'93edited\'94 are the ones that I removed the rows you asked. \
On this run, we have 7 new plates (total of 19 plates), 6 of these new plates have the compounds at 5uM (3 plates compound +DMSO, 3 plates compound + CBD). \'a0\
\'a0\
The last plate (number 19) we included as a test to evaluate positional effect of the controls, this plate does not have the compounds, only DMSO and CBD treated wells (DMSO on column 2 and CBD 10uM on column 3), the remaining columns had new batch of CBD (we wanted to test any batch to batch CBD variation) and KLS compound (a surrogate for CBD with higher affinity for GPR55 receptor).\'a0 I am attaching the plate map from Margret to this email. We included the test for the new batch of CBD and KLS compound because we had wells to spare, they don\'92t relate to the screening.\
\'a0\
Let me know if you have any questions.\
\'a0\
Sincerely,\
Flavi\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa140\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs26 \cf4 \strokec4 \
This electronic message is intended to be for the use of the named recipient, and may contain information that is confidential or privileged. This communication may contain protected health information (PHI) that is legally protected from inappropriate disclosure by the Privacy Standards of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) and relevant Pennsylvania Laws. You can direct questions concerning PHI or HIPAA to the Corporate Compliance and Privacy Officer at (215) 707-5605. If you are not the intended recipient, please note that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message in error, you should notify the sender immediately by telephone or by return e-mail and delete and destroy all copies of this message.\
}