{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2757
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red25\green25\blue25;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red251\green0\blue7;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\cname textColor;\cssrgb\c12941\c12941\c12941;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
\cssrgb\c100000\c0\c0;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 From: "Silva, Flaviane" <Flaviane.Silva@fccc.edu>\
Subject: CCL_Cal27_run 2 data\
Date: October 11, 2023 at 11:14:41 EDT\
To: "Serebriiskii, Ilya" <Ilya.Serebriiskii@fccc.edu>\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Hi\'a0Ilya,\cf4 \strokec4 \
\cf3 \strokec3 \'a0\cf4 \strokec4 \
\cf3 \strokec3 I am sending you the data associated with our second (and hopefully last) run for Cal27. I am sending the files where I annotated the data and calculated the Z score for both CTB and nuclei area readouts, and the raw files as wells. See the label of plates below.\cf4 \strokec4 \
\cf3 \strokec3 \'a0\cf4 \strokec4 \
\cf3 \strokec3 Plate 1 \'96 DMSO + Library at 0.2uM\cf4 \strokec4 \
\cf3 \strokec3 Plate 2 \'96 DMSO + Library at 2uM\cf4 \strokec4 \
\cf3 \strokec3 Plate 3 \'96 CBD + Library at 0.2uM\cf4 \strokec4 \
\cf3 \strokec3 Plate 4 \'96 CBD + Library at 2uM\cf4 \strokec4 \
\cf3 \strokec3 Plates 5 and 6 \'96 unperturbed\'a0(plate 5 was the first plate to \'93run\'94 through the wellmate, plate 6 was the very last one)\cf4 \strokec4 \
\cf3 \strokec3 \'a0\cf4 \strokec4 \
\cf3 \strokec3 Please let me know if you have any questions.\cf4 \strokec4 \
\cf3 \strokec3 \'a0\cf4 \strokec4 \
\cf3 \strokec3 Thank you,\cf4 \strokec4 \
\cf3 \strokec3 Flavi\cf4 \strokec4 \
\cf3 \strokec3 \'a0\cf4 \strokec4 \
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa140\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs26 \cf5 \strokec5 \
This electronic message is intended to be for the use of the named recipient, and may contain information that is confidential or privileged. This communication may contain protected health information (PHI) that is legally protected from inappropriate disclosure by the Privacy Standards of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) and relevant Pennsylvania Laws. You can direct questions concerning PHI or HIPAA to the Corporate Compliance and Privacy Officer at (215) 707-5605. If you are not the intended recipient, please note that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message in error, you should notify the sender immediately by telephone or by return e-mail and delete and destroy all copies of this message.\
}